Add description of `namespaces.yaml` (#140)
mozilla/lookml-generator: architecture/namespaces_yaml.md

> # Describing the formatting of `namespaces.yaml`

Reviewer: I think just namespaces.yaml makes a fine title

```suggestion
# `namespaces.yaml`
```

> We use [`namespaces.yaml`](https://github.com/mozilla/looker-hub/blob/main/namespaces.yaml) as the declarative listing of what we will generate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [`namespaces.yaml`](https://github.com/mozilla/looker-hub/blob/main/namespaces.yaml) as the declarative listing of the Looker namespaces generated by this repository.
```

> Each namespace in `namespaces.yaml` has the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry in `namespaces.yaml` represents a namespace, and has the following properties:
```

`owners` (string): The owners are the people who will have control over the associated Namespace folder in Looker. It is up to them to decide which dashboards to "promote" to their shared folder.
`pretty_name` (string): The pretty name is used in most places where the namespace's name is seen, e.g. in the explore drop-down and folder name.
`glean_app` (bool): Whether or not this namespace represents a Glean Application.
`connection` (optional string): The database connection to use, as named in Looker. Defaults to `telemetry`.

> `views`: The LookML View files that will be generated. More detailed info below.

Reviewer 2: (object)

`explores`: The LookML Explore files that will be generated. More detailed info below.

## `views`

Each view is actuall a LookML view file that will be generated.
Each LookML View file can contain multiple Looker Views; the idea here is that these views are related and used together.

> `type` - The type of the view, e.g. `glean_ping_view`.
> `tables` - This field is used in a few ways, depending on the associated View type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`type`: The type of the view, e.g. `glean_ping_view`.
`tables`: This field is used in a few ways, depending on the associated View type.
```

For `GleanPingView` and `PingView`, `tables` represents all of the associated channels for that view. Each table will have a `channel` and `table` entry. Only a single view will be created in the LookML File.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Add the file type to the code fences.

```suggestion
```yaml
```

tables:
  - channel: release
    table: mozdata.org_mozilla_firefox.metrics
  - channel: nightly
    table: mozdata.org_mozilla_fenix.metrics
```

For `ClientCountView` and `GrowthAccountingView`, `tables` will have a single entry, with the name of the table the Looker View is based off of. Only a single Looker View will be created.
```
tables:
  - table: mozdata.org_mozilla_firefox.baseline_clients_last_seen
```

For `FunnelAnalysisView`, only the first list entry is used; inside that entry, each value represents a Looker View that is created. The key is the name of the view, the value is the Looker View or BQ View it is derived from.

> In the following example, 4 views will be created in the view file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, 4 views will be created in the view file: `funnel_analysis`, `event_types`, `event_type_1` and `event_type_2`. 
```

```
tables:
  - funnel_analysis: events_daily_table
    event_types: `mozdata.glean_app.event_types`
    event_type_1: event_types
    event_type_2: event_types
```

## `explores`

> Each Explore is a single Explore file, sometimes containing multiple explores within it (mainly for things like changing suggestions).

Reviewer 2: "Each Explore entry"

> Each Explore is a single Explore file, sometimes containing multiple explores within it (mainly for things like changing suggestions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Explore is a single file, sometimes containing multiple explores within it (mainly for things like changing suggestions).
```
